Codemod `fix-assert-tuple` (#217)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_fix-assert-tuple.md

> An assertion on a non-empty tuple will always evaluate to `True` so it's likely to be written unintentionally. This codemod will write one assert statement for each item in the tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An assertion on a non-empty tuple will always evaluate to `True`. This means that `assert` statements involving non-empty tuple literals are likely unintentional and should be rewritten. This codemod rewrites the original `assert` statement by creating a new `assert` for each item in the original tuple.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I feel those empty lines shouldn't be here.
